Room Name: Bathroom
Room Description: You are inside of a bathroom. You see scratches on the wall. There is a seashell on the floor.
Exit Rooms: S-Seal Hole, W-Dolphin's Land
Item: Conch Shell , token, 0
Monster: None, 0 , 0
Room Name: Seal Hole
Room Description: You are in the Seal Hole. There are lots of seal staring at you hungrily...
Exit Rooms: N-Bathroom, E-Whale Hall
Item: Cockle Shell , token, 0
Monster: Sealord, 20, 100
Room Name: Dolphin's Land
Room Description: You are at Dolphin's land. Look carefully, there are something hiding in this room...
Exit Rooms: N-Shrimp Pool, E-Plankton Lab, S-Whale Hall, W-Bathroom
Item: Axe, weapon, 40
Monster: Dolphino, 10, 150
Room Name: Whale Hall
Room Description: You are in the Whale Hall. You may be able to find potion somewhere around here.
Exit Rooms: N-Dolphin's Land, W-Seal Hole
Item: Potion, healer, 50
Monster: None, 0 , 0
Room Name: Plankton Lab
Room Description: There is a large pile of chemicals in the area in front of you. There is broken glasses on the floor. There are some blood splashed on the wall...
Exit Rooms: N-Staff Room, W-Dolphin's Land
Item: Olive Shell, token, 0
Monster: Planktos, 40,60
Room Name: Staff Room
Room Description: You are inside of a staff room and there are markings on the wall to your left. There is a corpse holding a spear on the floor. Suddenly it wakes up!
Exit Rooms: S-Plankton Lab, W-Operating Room
Item: Spear, weapon, 30
Monster: Zombie, 5, 140
Room Name: Shrimp Pool
Room Description: You are in a shrimp pool surrounded by many types of shrimps. Maybe there's some food nearby...
Exit Rooms: N-Operating Room, S-Dolphin's Land, W-Starfish Pond
Item:Chicken Wings, healer, 100
Monster: None, 0 , 0
Room Name: Operating Room
Room Description: You find yourself inside an operating room surrounded by dead police. There is a gun on the corpse.
Exit Rooms: E-Staff Room, S-Shrimp Pool
Item: Gun, weapon, 100
Monster: None, 0 ,0
Room Name: Starfish Pond
Room Description: There is a big starfish coming towards you.
Exit Rooms: N-Shark Room, E-Shrimp Pool
Item: Ceriths Shell, token , 0
Monster: Nova,50,80
Room Name: Shark Room
Room Description: You are inside a shark room. It seems like someone has been here before because there are blood on the floor. In this room, you will meet the final boss of this map. Kill the boss and win the game.
Exit Rooms: S-Star fish
Item: Junonia Shell, token, 0
Monster: Sharknado,70,200
